hi everyone my name is Ryan I run
content lift and we help B2B businesses
run customer interviews that don't suck
I use Sam's guide to build my very first
piece of content for my website you can
see here the definitive list of B2B
customer interview questions what I
liked about Sam's guide is very thorough
very easy to understand for someone like
me who knows a little bit about SEO but
is still trying to learn as much as they
can and it was incredibly actionable
which is always uh always a plus it's
very early days but you can see that
after launching it I've dramatically
increased the uh traffic to my website
so if you're looking for an SEO expert
for your business that really
understands the everchanging world of
SEO but also understands how to you know
manage the needs of your sales and
marketing teams with the you know the
realities of SEO Sam is your guy